Data
The Movie Database data can be found in a file called movies.csv at the bottom of this page. To help you understand the data found in movies.csv here is a breakdown of what every field (column) means:

id: Identification number
imdb_id: IMDB identification number
popularity: Relative number of page views on The Movie Database
budget: Budget in USD
revenue: Revenue in USD
original_title: Movie title
cast: list of cast members separated by |, max five actors
homepage: URL for the movie homepage
director: list of directors separated by |, max five directors
tagline: Tagline for the movie
keywords: list of keywords associated with the movie, separated by |, max five keywords
overview: Summary of the plot
runtime: Movie runtime in minutes
genres: list of genres separated by |, max five genres
production_companies: list of production companies separated by |, max five companies
release_date: Original release date
vote_count: Number of votes
vote_average: Average of votes
release_year: Release year
budget_adj: Budget adjusted for inflation, in 2010 US dollars
revenue_adj: Revenue adjusted for inflation, in 2010 US dollars

Project Details
You are a business analyst consultant and your client is a new movie production company looking to make a new movie. The client wants to make sure it’s successful to help make a name for the new company. They are relying on you to help understand movie trends to help inform their decision making. They’ve given you guidance to look into three specific areas:

Question 1: How have movie genres changed over time?
Question 2: How do the attributes differ between Universal Pictures and Paramount Pictures?
Question 3: How have movies based on novels performed relative to movies not based on novels?
On top of that, the client asked you to explore one other question that you find interesting based on the data provided.

Submission
Your submission should be a PDF file containing answers to the each of the questions above (including your own). Your PDF should include a link to an online Tableau Public dashboard. The dashboard should contain a minimum of 2 and a maximum of 3 visualizations that help answer the question, one dashboard per question (4 dashboards total). Be sure to include the question you are answering by naming the dashboard Q1, Q2, etc. Hide any non-dashboard sheets that you used to make calculations or support your dashboards so that the final submission is clean and uncluttered.
For one of the questions, in addition to creating a dashboard, create a narrative told through visualizations and text using the Tableau Stories feature. Indicate which question you are creating a story from by naming the Story after the question i.e. ‘Q3 Story’.
Submission Requirements
You should include at least one of each of these figures (among all the dashboards, not in each out):

Line plot (if time/date data is available)
Shape (scatter) plot
Bar chart
Small multiple
Also, include the following uses of color/shape/size:

Group by color/shape
Indicate a third continuous dimension with color and/or size
For example, if you have a scatter plot comparing 2 different studios’ revenue over time, you can indicate each studio by color and present them in the same plot.
Choose appropriate color palettes (diverging, sequential, colorblind friendly). You can refer to this concept for a refresher.
Demonstrate an effective use of labels:

Clear labels on all axes and legends
Label data of interest (Optional)
Include interactivity in dashboards and stories:

Filters
Highlighting or other actions
There is a text narrative present in one of the dashboards
