Data Analyst in NEW YORK, New York
Job Description:

We are looking for a Data Analyst to become part of a specialized data team, focused on growing our subscription business and improving Dow Jones’ core products. The role will require exceptional project management skills and an interest in business intelligence tools—as well as an obsession with great news products. You will assist in the management and execution of large scale data projects and support daily reporting on core business functions.

What you’ll do:

Source and query data required for both ongoing business intelligence efforts and larger scale data science projects.

Draw meaningful insights from large datasets—find creative ways those insights can be used to both sell subscriptions and make the experience of reading The Wall Street Journal better.

Use visualization tools to present complex data in a simple, engaging manner.

Assist in the management of long-term data projects. Effectively communicate with business stakeholders, identifying requirements and developing success metrics for the development and deployment of machine learning applications.

Identify opportunity for new data projects. Ask smart questions, diagnose the real problem, and develop a long-term solution.

Requirements:

You have a bachelor’s degree in information systems, marketing, operations, or general management from a technically intensive business program. Graduates with relevant coursework or professional experience in business intelligence will also be considered.

1-2 years experience working in a data-related role is preferred.

You have an entrepreneurial attitude toward work and sweat the details.

You have experience using analytics tools (SQL, Tableau, Excel) and an interest in more advanced topics in analytics (machine learning, artificial intelligence).

Coding skills (i.e. R, Python) a plus.

An enthusiasm for The Wall Street Journal and an understanding of the product is a must. Some background in media is preferred.

Company Overview:

Dow Jones is a global provider of news and business information, delivering content to consumers and organizations around the world across multiple formats, including print, digital, mobile and live events. Dow Jones has produced unrivaled quality content for more than 125 years and today has one of the world’s largest news gathering operations globally. It produces leading publications and products including the flagship Wall Street Journal, America’s largest newspaper by paid circulation; Factiva, Barron’s, MarketWatch, Financial News, DJX, Dow Jones Risk & Compliance, Dow Jones Newswires, and Dow Jones VentureSource.Dow Jones is a division of News Corp (NASDAQ: NWS, NWSA; ASX: NWS, NWSLV).

Equal Opportunity Employer:

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets

Requisition ID 2017-29841

Job Locations USA-NY-NEW YORK

Job Function ..

Business Area CONSUMER SALES & MARKETING

Job Area1 Marketing & Corp Comms

Job Area2 Product & Operations